alright job we're recording what are we
doing the video keep back you like 96
doing what do you want to do on you 8c
so what games do you guys offer here
those two games enjoy actually I think
that's enough footage for the min we're
good
hey why what did I do wrong
I was in it you're telling me you don't
like it when I capture you and then in a
snorlax something that snores is laughs
okay guys guys guys so strong
okay here we go super stache bros do you
know me if you were in public would you
say I know this person I'm suits jobs
looking swaggy in that victory looks
like you just got Captain Crunch on his
hair exhaust I feel like that's
disgusting you know I could I could
actually do that though moreover I
wouldn't die no I'm not annoying I'm in
Noe give some pretty decent older rubs
right tipsy you would know I don't know
captured you you're my pet now that's it
it's over just like pokemons know what
you made the exact same reference that
the other person did you mean me
no no no yes you haven't died yet no
still going what why would you do that
Raisa she's taking me away I can save
you I'm on a dragon bro John yeah dude
this is my trampoline just freaking me
out
whoa what the hell was that it's like
you're arresting me with a Taser right
now oh my gosh what the was that it's
are you doing it I'm on the other side
of the what are you doing you literally
have a hack software how are you doing
that no tell me how what is that
are you actually hacking dude look
people in the chat are even saying whoa
they're blown away by this like you are
not pulling legitimately right now Dean
that's unclear
you